EIP1559 on Relayers (#138)
OpenZeppelin/defender-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/relay.adoc

[[policies]]
=== Policies

You can limit a Relayer's behavior by specifying policies. Currently, these are the different opt-in policies:

> 1. *Gas price cap*: specify a maximum gas price for every transaction sent by the Relayer. When this policy is enabled, Defender will overwrite the gas price (or the combination of base fee and priority fee) of any transaction that goes beyond the specified cap. Take into account that the gas price for a transaction is specified based on gas price oracles at the moment the Relayer actually sends the transaction to be mined, so this policy can be used as a protection on gas price surges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. *Gas price cap*: specify a maximum gas price for every transaction sent by the Relayer. When this policy is enabled, Defender will overwrite the `gasPrice` or `maxFeePerGas` of any transaction that goes beyond the specified cap. Take into account that the gas price for a transaction is specified based on gas price oracles at the moment the Relayer actually sends the transaction to be mined, so this policy can be used as a protection on gas price surges.
```

NOTE: Any attempt to send `maxFeePerGas` or `maxPriorityFeePerGas` to non-EIP1559 compatible networks will be rejected and discarded by the relayer.

You can tell if a network supports EIP1559 by looking at the Relayer <<policies, policies>>. If the EIP1559Pricing policy doesn't show up, it means that we haven't added EIP1559 support for that network.

NOTE: If you notice an EIP1559 compatible network that we already support but hasn't support enabled, please don't hesitate in request it on our https://forum.openzeppelin.com/c/support/defender/36[Community Forum], or at mailto:defender@openzeppelin.com[defender@openzeppelin.com]

[[speed]]
=== Speed

Instead of the usual `gasPrice` or `maxFeePerGas`/`maxPriorityFeePerGas`, the Relayer may also accept a <<relay-api-reference.adoc#send-transaction,speed>> parameter, which can be `safeLow`, `average`, `fast`, or `fastest`. These values are mapped to actual gas prices when the transaction is sent or resubmitted and vary depending on the state of the network.

> Beware that if speed is provided, the transaction would be priced according to the <<relay-api-reference.adoc#relayer-policies, `EIP1559Pricing` relayer policy>>.

Reviewer: Not sure I understand this sentence

Author: Which part do you think is not clear?
I can rephrase but I don't want to make it even harder to read

Author: Done, thanks for the detail Palla!

> NOTE: Mainnet gas prices are calculated based on the values reported by https://ethgasstation.info/[EthGasStation], https://etherchain.org/tools/gasPriceOracle[EtherChain], https://www.gasnow.org/[GasNow], https://docs.blocknative.com/gas-platform[BlockNative], and https://etherscan.io/gastracker[Etherscan] along with the `eth_getBlockByNumber` to get the current `BASE_FEE` for EIP1559 transactions. Testnet gas prices are obtained from a call to `eth_gasPrice` or `eth_feeHistory` to the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Mainnet gas prices and priority fees are calculated based on the values reported by https://ethgasstation.info/[EthGasStation], https://etherchain.org/tools/gasPriceOracle[EtherChain], https://www.gasnow.org/[GasNow], https://docs.blocknative.com/gas-platform[BlockNative], and https://etherscan.io/gastracker[Etherscan]. In Polygon and its testnet, the https://gasstation-mainnet.matic.network/v2[gas station] is used. In other networks, gas prices are obtained from a call to `eth_gasPrice` or `eth_feeHistory` to the network.
```
Let's drop the mention to base fee here.

[[fixed-gas-pricing]]
=== Fixed Gas Pricing

Alternatively, you may specify a **fixed gasPrice** or a **fixed combination of maxFeePerGas and maxPriorityFeePerGas** for a transaction, by setting either the <<relay-api-reference.adoc#send-transaction,`gasPrice`>> parameter or <<relay-api-reference.adoc#send-transaction,`maxFeePerGas` and `maxPriorityFeePerGas`>> paremeters. Transactions with a fixed pricing are either mined with the specified pricing or replaced with a NOOP transaction if they couldn't be mined before <<valid-until, validUntil>> time.

> Keep in mind that you have to provide either `speed`, `gasPrice`, `maxFeePerGas/maxPriorityFeePerGas` or none, but not a mix between them in a send transaction request.

Reviewer 2: same nitpick as other PR:

```suggestion
Keep in mind that you have to provide either `speed`, `gasPrice`, `maxFeePerGas`/`maxPriorityFeePerGas` or none, but not a mix between them in a send transaction request.
```

> NOTE: Whenever a send transaction request is sent without any pricing parameter. It will be priced with a `fast` default speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Whenever a send transaction request is sent without any pricing parameter, it will be priced with a `fast` default speed.
```

[[under-the-hood]]
== Under the hood

> Each Relayer is associated to a private key. When a request to send a transaction is received, the Relayer validates the request, atomically assigns it a nonce, reserves balance for paying for its gas fees, resolves its speed to a `gasPrice` or `maxFeePerGas`/`maxPriorityFeePerGas` depending on its <<relay-api-reference.adoc#relayer-policies, EIP1559 pricing policy>>, signs it with its private key, and enqueues it for submission to the blockchain. The response is sent back to the client only after this process has finished. Then, the transaction is broadcasted through both Infura and Alchemy for redundancy and retried up to three times in case both APIs are down.

Reviewer 2: I feel like these specifics are prone to change (or maybe already have? Id it just Infura/Alchemy?):

"the transaction is broadcasted through both Infura and Alchemy for redundancy and retried up to three times in case both APIs are down."

what do you think about something like... 

```suggestion
Each Relayer is associated to a private key. When a request to send a transaction is received, the Relayer validates the request, atomically assigns it a nonce, reserves balance for paying for its gas fees, resolves its speed to a `gasPrice` or `maxFeePerGas`/`maxPriorityFeePerGas` depending on its <<relay-api-reference.adoc#relayer-policies, EIP1559 pricing policy>>, signs it with its private key, and enqueues it for submission to the blockchain. The response is sent back to the client only after this process has finished. Then, the transaction is broadcasted through multiple node providers for redundancy and retried if necessary.
```

Author: Thanks @mok0230, you're right. I tried not to mess with things not strictly related to EIP1559 but this makes sense.
I updated with your comments
